ansi.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
awards.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
banner.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
boyer2.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
calendar.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
cryptarithm2.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
cse.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
eliza.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
expert.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
fasta.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
fish.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
fluid.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
gcd.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
gen_regexps.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
kahan.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
minimax.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
pic.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
pretty.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
prolog.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
queens.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
rfib.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
rsa.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
scc.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
sorting.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
symalg.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
tak.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
x2n1.log:GenesisNF: Base time neglegible
